And basically the way it works in a nutshell.
Right what's going to happen is that I'm going to set with javascript.
I write a rule for functioning.
So what's going to happen is I'm going to say that once I scroll past some point.
All right I'm going to add over here this class.
I mean this background class right.
So what's going to happen first.
What I would need to do is actually I would need to have a background when someone is going to say we're
here and I'm going to go back to the rules.
Right.
So this was all here.
So this was for the men with.
But now we're going to deal with a actual document.
Right.
So this is not going to be affected by the screen size right.
This is going to be affected in general.
Right.
So for now if I'm going on a background class so I'm going to create this class I have background here
and for that background all I'm going to say is I'm going to be background and the background is going
to be here.
Zero zero zero point five.
Right.
And again the same as would that change class that we added for the button we're not going to be able
to see it right now.
Right.
We're going to be using it in javascript.
Now what I also want to do is you see here in I have this number unsexual it fixed it.
It's all the time stays fixed.
So how do we do it.
Right.
And the reason why we're writing this separately right.
Not all the way to the top of the document because I just want you to see how it actually works right
because it makes a little bit more sense that we are actually adding this rule over here.
Right.
Not in the beginning of document where we couldn't see anything at all.
And the way it works here we're going to say this is going to be out of position here we're going to
say this is going to be fixed or fixed.
Then once we have the fix we would want a width here and we're going to send with it is going to be
actually 100 percent or less.
Once we have with 100 percent we'll have a z index.
This is going to be 10.
All right so this makes sure that our nav bar is always on top of the other elements.
And over here we're going to say in transition and we're going to say transition is going to be for
the background.
Right.
So basically what I'm saying is that once they have this Navara glass right this should happen over
time.
Some of them say background again two seconds and he's going this right.
And this background is obviously going to be added with the Javascript.
And last thing maybe on here while we're still see SS or want to change this with the screen size changes
right.
So we can do it separately or we can add it over here one more roll.
Right.
And that's really up to you.
I'm just going to go back over here right within this media right within this 992.
I'm going to say for the man or a card here I'm going to say class of banner card or here I'm going
to say that this is going to be flex and 0 0 and this is going to be 70 percent.
So basically what I'm saying is once the screen gets bigger I don't want it to be 90 percent.
I want it to be 70 percent right.
So I'll say this right.
And now what we would need to do is actually go ahead and work or here in the jobs and because we're
done with main CSSA four hour nap.
All right.
And the way we work is all here we're going to say script and let's say on here and this is going to
be a comment that I'm going to say toggle button here.
Now once we have the toggle button we're now going to have a transparent background so transparent background
here.
And how do we do that.
So here we're going to use a query and we're going to select a window right.
So I'm going to say window and then we're going to have a scroll.
And so this is going to be another function the same how we have a ready function that we have clicked
function.
So this function works only when we are scrolling.
Right.
So I'm going to say function and open and close parentheses and all here and this is going to be a curly
braces right.
And then over here I'm going to create a variable and I'm going to say Position Position more here and
this position is going to be equal.
Right.
So this variable is going to be equal to or here a dollar sign window window and this is going to be
scrolled up.
And basically what scroll of means is that this is going to give the value.
Right.
So this variable is going to be equal to the position of the window right here like this.
And then what we're going to say is as we're scrolling right the position is obviously going to change
right as we're scrolling down right.
The actual number is going to keep on increasing.
Now what we're saying here is that if we're here position which is the variable which is the actual
scrolling position of the window is bigger or equal more here to the hundred.
We're like this right.
Something should happen.
All right.
And that something is going to be first that we're going to have a number of containers is going to
have this background glass.
All right.
So here I'm going to say that this is going to be something that if it's if something were we're am
going to say dollar sign and or here I'm going to select two things I'm going to say now I'm going to
say now container or here like this.
Right.
So both of them.
This guy over here on a smaller screen and now on a bigger.
All right.
But I want to affect them both.
And I'm all here going to say add class and class and what will be the class and the class is going
to be now background.
So we're going to have background so that's going to be that transparent class.
All right.
And over here basically I'm saying if the position is more than a.
Right.
So if I scroll more than 100 However if I'm going to be less than 100 I'm just going to remove that
class.
All right.
So what I can do over here is I'm going to say else here I'm just going to copy this right and I'm going
to say remove the glass so I can just cut this or you know what I don't want to cut it.
I want to leave it on a copy this and copy and paste it here instead of adding class we're going to
say remove remove glass like this.
Right now we may need to do.
So we do have two classes like this.
We say right now we have positions more than 100 right now.
Now container and class else.
Now there are of course right here very simple.
All right.
And this is still going to be you know scroll position right now.
We're not going to be able to see it right now.
All right.
Because again for our document we're not really we have hundred viewers right now.
Right.
So it's not going to be squalling.
However you can see obviously how it works here right.
I have hundreds.
And you can see that now I have this background here right.
I go up.
I don't have it.
I go to the smaller screen the same thing right.
I go over here the background changes right and stays like this.
Now what I would want to do is also want to have this small scrolling rents or here you can see that
as I press them.
Right.
I'm going to have a smooth scrolling or I like this right.
So it's cruel scrolls all the way to the position.
All right.
And if I want to go back or here right and it doesn't happen right away it actually takes a little bit
of time.
So how do I do this.
I mean so this was transparent background and I had another comment.
And here we're going to the right smooth scroll scroll over here and how this moves scrolling should
happen.
So here we're going to say that we wouldn't want to select one here like this and we're going to say
parentheses and numbers are not parentheses grab quotation marks nav links.
All right.
And the reason for this I don't want to select here the font awesome icons right because there were
also links.
I just want to select the mantling say an or hearing a click function again.
Similar to what we had are here and we're going to write on your function.
Open and close parentheses.
Curly braces are here.
And first what we would want to do is we're here in this function we just need to write a parameter
and then we can write that this is going to be the link and you can write any name you want.
Right.
This is basically what saying is I'm going to select all the links right.
And as I'm going each link something should happen right.
So here I'm going to say link and I'm going to say prevent default and default So basically they're
not going to let's say hash tag or something like that.
Right.
So I'm going to have a proven default and then we get to we're going to create a variable and I'm going
to say target and we're going to said select this variable and we're going to say that this is going
to equal two dollar sign here.
This is an attribute.
And we're going to say that this is going to be Tref attribute.
So basically what I'm saying is because we're getting back a list of other things.
So each of them as I'm passing through right now would want to get to HGF attribute and we know that
Atra attribute basically is the value.
I mean remember this guy out here we have the values right.
Remember if the banner value or the skills value.
Right.
So we're going to go back to script and what we're going to say over here and again and we will want
to select a HMO and body had both of them and we would want to had a annulment.
Now before we have an inmate.
Right.
I just want to have a stop because you're not adding stop what's going to happen is after a while and
you keep pressing it you'll notice that you're actually your browser gets stuck right.
And it's not doing anymore right because it will have a lot of animations that are actually in the queue
before.
All right.
So what you need to write here disfunctions stop.
Right.
And then we're going to write it now in order to test this.
You can write on here without the stop and you can test it out how it works.
And you'll notice that after you click a few times actually your animation is going to stop because
the browser is going to be scheduling way too many of these animations.
Right.
So we're going to have all had to stop and then will have animate and inanimate.
Since this is an object we're going to find that this is going to be a property and the property we're
interested in Scroll up scroll.
We're going to set up right and here the value of this property is going to be here.
We're going to get this variable right.
And we're going to set it equal to right an Oreo going right.
Target right equal to our variable offset set here.
Like this offset function and then it will set up like this.
Right.
So basically what I'm saying is get me the link get me the attribute of the link and then use this attribute
to set my whole body to that position.
All right.
So what I'm going to say on here top now what I also can do is all here place a comma and then I'm going
to say 50000.
Right.
So basically again 3000 milliseconds which is three seconds and you can put a or hear a semicolon right
and you'll see these things once we have a second here a section which is going to be our skills.
However the final is going to look like this right.
So again we're going to have a home which is going to be the banner.
No here now.
You can see that we're smooth scrolling skills then we smooth scrolling to about section and it's going
to be the project section and then we'll have a team section and all here.
We didn't have the last one or last to write but we added these two.
So this is how it's going to work.
And also you can see that only as I scroll past 100.
All right I'm going to have this Bangham I scroll back.
I don't have the background.
The same thing works or here I scroll past hundred of the background.
Scroll down.
I don't have the background.
Now I'm recording this just to show you that everything works right.
And because I already had a door here the skills section and now the issue is that actually it doesn't
work right.
Because I actually made a mistake right.
So you can see or hear we don't have the background over here right.
And as I'm clicking nothing is happening.
And the reason for that over here you can see that with the small scroll I missed over here this dot.
So once we ended up now this is the function actually right.
So if we save this and if we refresh Now you can see we're here now.
I have this dark background.
And once I click it or here now it's going to be only the skills section obviously.
We haven't added the other sections or we can go back on more here right.
But this is going to be the background is working right now.
Right.
And also the small scroll.